STAC-23921: Add docs for related resources (#255)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/custom-integrations/ui-presentation/schemas-ref.adoc

Specialized fields:: should use lower order numbers to appear after generic ones.
Overrides:: A specialized presentation can hide a generic section (like health) or move it by overriding the field and providing a different order (e.g., a negative value to push it further down).

=== Related resources

> Related resources are sections on a component's highlight page that show other components related to the one being viewed (e.g., "This service instance has 5 related pods").  Each section renders as an overview table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Related resources are sections on a component's highlight page that show other components related to the one being viewed (for example, "This service instance has 5 related pods").  Each section renders as an overview table.
```
